README.md, before:

# ERSP Research Log: Data Generator for Event Streams
Research log for ERSP data generator for event streams.
Annie Yang, Anna Gornyitzki

---

## Weekly Progress Log

### Winter Week 1 - [January 5 - 11, 2026]

#### Meeting Recaps
- **Team Su Meeting**: [January 14, 2026]
  - Tyler presented that we are going to be given event skeleton and we need to figure out how to fill them in.
  - The data generator will not have to deal with timestamps, but we have to deal with causation/termination relationships.

---

### Winter Week 2 - [January 12 - 18, 2026]
#### Tasks to complete for Week 3 Monday meeting
- Come up with questions that have to be answered with our data generator
- Research how other data generators were given data/created their fake data values
- Meet on Monday January 19 and share what we found

#### Notes for Wednesday Team Su Meeting
- Ask Tyler to give us very specific example of event generator with citi bike
- Ask him if he can incorporate variables/language to describe the "1,n,... graph" in the skeleton
- Ask clarifying question about the research paper and how to decide what section we each present on

#### Meeting Recaps
- **Anna and Annie Meeting**: [January 12, 2026]
  - Came up with general Winter 2026 end goal
    - General Description of data generator
      - contains input, output, and working details
    - Example (walking through citi bike)
  - Came up with goals for this week
- #### **Team Su Meeting**: [January 14, 2026]
  - 


#### References & Resources
- [Cugola Margara 2012 Paper](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1M8SXcFD6S6AObufdfe704Zn7Bq_AWvzI) - Read and present on 4.2/4.3 for seminar

---

### Winter Week 3 - [January 19 - 25, 2026]
#### Tasks to complete for Week 4 Monday meeting
- Continue to come up with questions that have to be answered with our data generator
- Continue to research how other data generators were given data/created their fake data values
- Come up with ways to start using Tyler's presented skeleton for our data generator
- Meet on Monday January 25 and share what we found

#### Notes for Wednesday Team Su Meeting
- Ask Tyler more clarifying questions on his event skeleton

#### Meeting Recaps
- **Anna and Annie Meeting**: [January 19, 2026]
  - No meeting, MLK holiday
  - Come up with ways to start using Tyler's presented skeleton for our data generator
    
- #### **Team Su Meeting**: [January 21, 2026]
  - 


#### References & Resources
- [Cugola Margara 2012 Paper](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1M8SXcFD6S6AObufdfe704Zn7Bq_AWvzI) - Read and present on 4.2/4.3 for seminar

Commit message:

Update README with Team Su meeting notes
Added details from the Team Su meeting on January 21, 2026, including a link to Tyler's presentation and tasks for the upcoming seminar.

README.md, after:

# ERSP Research Log: Data Generator for Event Streams
Research log for ERSP data generator for event streams.
Annie Yang, Anna Gornyitzki

---

## Weekly Progress Log

### Winter Week 1 - [January 5 - 11, 2026]

#### Meeting Recaps
- **Team Su Meeting**: [January 14, 2026]
  - Tyler presented that we are going to be given event skeleton and we need to figure out how to fill them in.
  - The data generator will not have to deal with timestamps, but we have to deal with causation/termination relationships.

---

### Winter Week 2 - [January 12 - 18, 2026]
#### Tasks to complete for Week 3 Monday meeting
- Come up with questions that have to be answered with our data generator
- Research how other data generators were given data/created their fake data values
- Meet on Monday January 19 and share what we found

#### Notes for Wednesday Team Su Meeting
- Ask Tyler to give us very specific example of event generator with citi bike
- Ask him if he can incorporate variables/language to describe the "1,n,... graph" in the skeleton
- Ask clarifying question about the research paper and how to decide what section we each present on

#### Meeting Recaps
- **Anna and Annie Meeting**: [January 12, 2026]
  - Came up with general Winter 2026 end goal
    - General Description of data generator
      - contains input, output, and working details
    - Example (walking through citi bike)
  - Came up with goals for this week
- #### **Team Su Meeting**: [January 14, 2026]
  - 


#### References & Resources
- [Cugola Margara 2012 Paper](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1M8SXcFD6S6AObufdfe704Zn7Bq_AWvzI) - Read and present on 4.2/4.3 for seminar

---

### Winter Week 3 - [January 19 - 25, 2026]
#### Tasks to complete for Week 4 Monday meeting
- Continue to come up with questions that have to be answered with our data generator
- Continue to research how other data generators were given data/created their fake data values
- Come up with ways to start using Tyler's presented skeleton for our data generator
- Meet on Monday January 25 and share what we found

#### Notes for Wednesday Team Su Meeting
- Ask Tyler more clarifying questions on his event skeleton

#### Meeting Recaps
- **Anna and Annie Meeting**: [January 19, 2026]
  - No meeting, MLK holiday
  - Come up with ways to start using Tyler's presented skeleton for our data generator
    
- #### **Team Su Meeting**: [January 21, 2026]
  - Refer to Tyler's powerpoint to see detailed presentation [1/14 Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZtYFU_Sm-F4DCE2BoLBZ6Wa0h2E_W260GPpn4v624lQ/edit?slide=id.p#slide=id.p)
  - Discussed using a database schema for data generator
  - Tyler presented us an event skeleton
  - Su wants us to come up with questions for Tyler for next week's meeting
  - Make powerpoint slides to present Sections 4.2/4.3 of the paper for the Jan 28th 8:30pm seminar


#### References & Resources
- [Cugola Margara 2012 Paper](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1M8SXcFD6S6AObufdfe704Zn7Bq_AWvzI) - Read and present on 4.2/4.3 for seminar
